docs: Search Metadata Batch 02 (#14589)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/security/encryption.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: Encryption Systems
description: >-

> Two encryption systems protect Consul’s network communications. Learn how keys secure gossip between agents and how RPC with TLS certificates verifies the authenticity of servers and clients.

Reviewer: Switching the order, since RPC communication is universally relevant (even on runtimes that have removed gossip). I also like the first sentence from the original description that makes it clear that all network traffic can be encrypted.

```suggestion
Consul supports encrypting all of its network traffic. Remote Process Calls (RPCs) between client and server agents can be encrypted with TLS and authenticated with certificates. Gossip communication between all agents can also be encrypted.
```
